---
layout: "cohesity"
page_title: "Cohesity: cohesity_job_vmware"
description: |-
  Create a VMware Protection Job on Cohesity Cluster
---

# cohesity\_job\_vmware

Create a VMware Protection Job on Cohesity Cluster

## Example Usage
```
provider "cohesity" {
        cluster_vip = "10.2.45.143"
        cluster_username = "abcd"
        cluster_domain = "LOCAL"
}


resource "cohesity_job_vmware" "job1" {
	name = "protect_vcenter"
	protection_source = "vcenter.lab.com"
	policy = "Bronze"
	storage_domain = "DefaultStorageDomain"
	delete_snapshots = true
	full_sla = 200
	incremental_sla = 140
	qos_type = "BackupSSD"
	priority = "Low"
}
```

### Argument Reference
The following arguments are supported:

- name - (Required, string) The name of the VMware protection job
- protection_source - (Required, string) The name of the VMware protection source
- timezone - (Optional, string) The timezone to use when calculating time for this VMware protection job. This is in the format **Area/Location**. The default value is 
**America/Los_Angeles**
- include - (Optional, set of strings) The list of vm's names from the protection source to be protected by this protection job. If this is not specified, entire vcenter is protected
- exclude - (Optional, set of strings) The list of vm's names from the protection source that should not be protected and are excluded from being backed up by the protection job
- policy - (Required, string) The protection policy name to be used by the protection job
- storage_domain - (Required, string) The storage domain name where this job writes data
- qos_type - (Optional, string) Specifies the QoS policy type to use for this protection job. The default value is **BackupHDD**. The supported types include **BackupHDD** and **BackupSSD**. **BackupHDD** indicates the Cohesity cluster writes data directly to the HDD tier for this protection job. This is the recommended setting. **BackupSSD** indicates the Cohesity cluster writes data directly to the SSD tier for this protection job. Only specify this policy if you need fast ingest speed for a small number of protection jobs
- full_sla - (Optional, int) Specifies the number of minutes that a job run of a full (no CBT) backup schedule is expected to complete, which is known as a service level agreement (SLA). A SLA violation is reported when the run time of a job run exceeds the SLA time period specified for this backup schedule. The default value is **120**
- incremental_sla - (Optional, init) Specifies the number of minutes that a job run of a CBT-based backup schedule is expected to complete, which is known as a service level agreement (SLA). A SLA violation is reported when the run time of a job run exceeds the SLA time period specified for this backup schedule. The default value is **60**
- priority - (Optional, string) Specifies the priority of execution for a protection job. The default value is **Medium**. The supported values include **Low, Medium, and High**
- delete_snapshots - (Optional, bool) Specifies if snapshots generated by the protection job should also be deleted when the job is deleted. The default value is **false**

#### Attributes Reference
The following attributes are exported:

- id - ID of the VMware protection job